fix(tuto): tutos + iot dates MTA-1688d (#469)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/mist-streaming-server/index.mdx

  ```

Mist Server installs automatically, once the installation completes a message displays:

```
Successfully installed MistServer using systemd. Starting MistServer.
```

## Configuring MistServer

1. Open a web browser and point it to `http://your.instance.ip.address:4242/` (replace `your.instance.ip.address` with the IP of your Instance). The Mist Server configuration interface displays.

2. Enter your desired username, password and its confirmation. Then click **Create New Account**.

  <Lightbox src="scaleway-mistserver_01.webp" alt="" />

3. Click **Enable protocols** to enable all available streaming protocols. 

  <Lightbox src="scaleway-mistserver_02.webp" alt="" />

  The MistServer overview page displays. 

4. Click **Streams** on the left menu to enter the stream section.

  <Lightbox src="scaleway-mistserver_03.webp" alt="" />

5. Click **Create a new stream** to launch the stream creation wizard.

  <Lightbox src="scaleway-mistserver_04.webp" alt="" />

6. Enter the details of the new stream and click **Save**.

  <Lightbox src="scaleway-mistserver_05.webp" alt="" />

    - **Stream name:** Enter a name of your choice for the stream, i.e. `mystream`

>     - **Source:** Enter the source of the stream. You can either stream local files from your Instance. Clik **Browse** to select the content. To stream a live stream, enter the IP address of the source in the text box, i.e. `play://51.15.123.231`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Source:** Enter the source of the stream. You can either stream local files from your Instance. Click **Browse** to select the content. To stream a live stream, enter the IP address of the source in the text box, e.g. `play://51.15.123.231`.
```
